1)

I would rather go my own way than be a leader of others. (R)

In conversations, I tend to do most of the talking.

I don’t find it easy to take charge of a situation. (R)
EA: Activity

I have a leisurely style in work and play. (R)

When I do things, I do them vigorously.

My work is likely to be slow but steady. (R)

I often feel as if I’m bursting with energy.

I’m not as quick and lively as other people. (R)

J usually seem to be in a hurry.

My life is fast-paced.

 

J am a very active person.

E5: Excitement-Seeking
I often crave excitement.
I wouldn’t enjoy vacationing in Las Vegas. (R)
I have sometimes done things just for “kicks” or “thrills.”
I tend to avoid movies that are shocking or scary. (R) gO
I like to be where the action is. f wae: {
I love the excitement of roller coasters.
I’m attracted to bright colors and flashy styles.
| like being part of the crowd at sporting events.

 

E6: Positive Emotions
I have never literally jumped for joy. (R)
I have sometimes experienced intense joy or ecstasy.
Iam not a cheerful optimist. (R)
Sometimes I bubble with happiness.
I don’t consider myself especially “light-hearted.” (R)
Iam a cheerful, high-spirited person.
I rarely use words like “fantastic!” or “sensational!” to describe my experiences. (R)

I laugh easily.
Openness Facets

Ol: Fantasy
I have a very active imagination.

I try to keep all my thoughts directed along realistic lines and avoid flights of fancy. (R)
I have an active fantasy life.

I don’t like to waste my time daydreaming. (R)

I enjoy concentrating on a fantasy or daydr i
aydream and exploring all its ibiliti
a possibilities letting it
‘ grow and develop.

If I feel my mind starting to drift off int
eons 0 dayd
activity instead, (R) ydreams, | usually get busy and start concentrating on some work or

As a child I rarely enjoyed games of make believe. (R)

I would i j ‘ ‘
ould have difficulty just letting my mind wander without c
(2: Aesthetics Ontrol or guidance. (R)

Watching ballet or modern dance bores me iy am listening to,

Tam intri
intrigued by the patterns I find in art and nat
ature,
