ee

i aN SR IN i a a i i NA A tsa ay

72

 

My first reaction is to ttust people.

I tend to assume the best about People.
I have a good deal of faith in human nature.

A2: Straij ghtforwardness

I’m not crafty or sly.

If necessary, I am willing to Manipulate people to get what I want. (R)
I couldn’t deceive anyone even if I wanted to.

Being perfectly honest is a bad way to do business. (R)

I would hate to be thought of as a hypocrite.

Sometimes I trick People into doing what I want. (R)

At times | bully or flatter people into

doing what I want them to. (R)
I pride myself on my shrewdness in h

andling people. (R)

A3: Altruism

Some people think I’m Selfish and egotistical. (R)
I try to be courteous to everyone I meet.
Some people think of me as cold and calculating. (R)

I generally try to be thoughtful and considerate.
I’m not known for my generosity. (R)

Most people I know like me.
I think of myself as a charitable person.
I go out of my way to help others if I can.

A4: Compliance

AS:

I would rather cooperate with others than compete with them.
I can be sarcastic and cutting when I need to be. (R)

I hesitate to express my anger even when it’s justified.

If I don’t like people, I let them know it. (R)

When I’ve been insulted, I just try to forgive and forget.

If someone starts a fight, I’m ready to fight back. (R)

I’m hard-headed and stubborn. (R)

I often get into arguments with my family and co-workers. (R)

Modesty
I don’t mind bragging about my talents and accomplishments. (R)

I’d rather not talk about myself and my achievements.
I’m better than most people, and I know it. (R)

I try to be humble.
I have a very high opinion of myself. (R) a
I feel that I am no better than others, no matter what their condition.

I would rather praise others than be praised myself.

I’m a superior person. (R)

A6: Tender-Mindedness

Political leaders need to be more aware of the human side of their policies.
oliti

I’m hard-headed and tough-minded in my attitudes. (R)
We can never do too much for the poor and elderly.

  

 

 

sue
_—
